dn: dc=example
objectClass: dcObject
objectClass: organization
dc: example
o: Testcase
description: Testcase DB

dn: cn=Manager,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalRole
objectClass: simpleSecurityObject
cn: Manager
description: Directory Manager
userPassword: secret

dn: ou=passwd,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: passwd
description: /etc/passwd,/etc/shadow data

dn: ou=group,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: group
description: /etc/group data

dn: ou=hosts,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: hosts
description: /etc/hosts,/etc/ethers data

dn: ou=services,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: services
description: /etc/services data

dn: ou=protocols,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: protocols
description: /etc/protocols data

dn: ou=rpc,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: rpc
description: /etc/rpc data

dn: ou=networks,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: networks
description: /etc/networks,/etc/netmasks data

dn: ou=netgroup,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: netgroup
description: /etc/netgroup data

dn: ou=ethers,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: ethers
description: /etc/ethers data

dn: ou=aliases,dc=example
objectClass: organizationalUnit
ou: aliases
description: /etc/aliases data

